# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Learn ReactJS from Scratch

### WHAT is React? And WHY would we use it?

→ React is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces;
→ Lean and focused component based UI Library. Certain features (e.g. routing) are added via community packages.

#### A client-side JavaScript library

→ Is a library, and to be precise it's a Client Side JS Library, so the JS code which runs in the browser of your visitors;

#### All about building modern reactive user interfaces for the web

→ That is important beacause we use JS in the browser to manipulate web pages after they were loaded and that allows us to build rich highly interactive modern user interfaces for our websites.

→ We never need to click anywhere and load a new page that refresh icon in the top left corner spins, because we never request a new html page. We never have to wait for the new page to be generated by the server because JS is doing some work here and it's updating what we see on the screen, the DOM, while we are working on that page. That gives us a nice User Experience, and that nice UI which we know for a mobile App... (Mobile Apps and desktops feel "very Reactive": Things happen instantly, you don't wait for new pages to load or actions to start.)

#### Declarative, component focused approach

→ We define what we want to have on the screen, what the end goal is, we create these custom html elements and react will do the rest.

### Building Single-Page-Applications (SPAs)

1 → React can be used to contrl parts of the HTML pages or entire pages;
1.2 → 'Widget' approach on a multi-page-application. (Some) pages are still rendered on and served by a backend server.

2 → React can also be used to control the entire frontend of a web application.
2.1 → 'Single-Page-Application' (SPA) approach. Server only sends one HTML page, thereafter. React takes over and contrlos the UI.
